docs: :memo: add an overview landing page (#123)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: docs/index.qmd

title: "Overview"
---

Flower is a Python package with a single purpose: Make human-friendly
documentation from machine-friendly metadata. It takes metadata

> contained in a Data Package's](https://datapackage.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contained in a [Data Package's](https://datapackage.org)
```

`datapackage.json` file and converts them into an output that is
designed for humans and can be shared as a website or plain text files.

## Why use Flower?

The overall aim of the [Seedcase Project](https://seedcase-project.org)
is to build tools that make data more
[FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/), better documented, and
more discoverable. Towards this goal, Flower improves the display of
metadata, which helps with discoverability and ease of sharing. This is
an important part in making data FAIR, considering that one of the
biggest barriers to (re-)using data, particularly research data, is the
lack of well-documented metadata. For example, having information on how
any given variable was collected, what are the units, and why the data
was collected in the first place makes it much easier to effectively use
data in a reliable and accurate way.

> Especially considering that there are little to no tools available that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Especially considering that there are few tools available that
```
Or "aren't really any tools available"

> Especially considering that there are little to no tools available that

Reviewer: I think this sentence is missing a predicate or main clause. Something along the lines of: "Flower is especially useful considering that..."

title: "Overview"
---

Do you have metadata about some data that you'd like to share or make as
a nice website or other, more easily share-able document? Well, Flower
is designed for you!

Flower is Python package with a single purpose: Make human-friendly
documentation from machine-friendly metadata. It takes metadata
contained in a Data Package's](https://datapackage.org)
`datapackage.json` file and converts them into an output that is

> designed for humans.

Author: What's wrong with TV commercials? :stuck_out_tongue: I see what you mean though :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:

## Why use it?

There are little to no tools available that allow you to take metadata
that describe a dataset or set of related datasets and make them into a
format that is easy to share as, for example, a website or PDF. Even
within the [Frictionless Data](https://frictionlessdata.io) ecosystem,
which is the organisation responsible for initially starting and
developing the Data Package specification, doesn't have tools for for
doing this. There is a graphical user interface called
[Open Data Editor](https://opendataeditor.okfn.org) that can display the
metadata, however it isn't very flexible, isn't easy to customise, and
mainly is designed around editing metadata.

Considering that one of the biggest barriers to (re-)using data, at

> least research data, is documentation on the data itself, this is an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
least research data, is missing or low quality documentation on the data itself, this is an
```
